#summary KMLkpwn instruction manual.
#labels Featured

= KMLkpwn instruction manual. =

All things good with KMLkpwn

= Details =

Good things will be listed here.

Its rather simple ...<br>
Open kmlkpwn<br>
Open your android wardrive kml file.<br>
Magic stuff happens.<br>
Start by removing any unwanted security types by clicking the check boxes in the check box list.<br>
You can open each record on openstreetmap.org by double clicking.<br>
You can click the column headings to sort the rows.<br>
You can filter down to the top 1000 ssids using the provided buttons.<br>
    * Specific will remove exact ssid matches from the top 1000 ssids
    * Containing will remove ssids that contain strings from the top 1000 ssids
You can remove ssids by selecting them and clicking remove selected.<br>
You can also type your own filter strings into the box and click remove to remove them. (looks for strings that contain the filter NB. Not exact matches.)<br>
When you've finished filtering your KML file.<br>
Click the save button and save your file.<br>
Now open it up in google earth and admire your beautiful data.<br>

= Known bugs. =
The file is loaded each time you change the network security type check boxes. So ensure you select which security types (WPA/WEP/etc) you wish to look at first before removing any additional networks. If you do it the other way round you'll loose any changes you made before changing the network security type.

= Notes =
KMLkpwn only works with wardrive.<br>
KMLkpwn only works with windows.<br>
The graph displays the most popular types of security in your KML file.<br>
The text box at the bottom displays the current selected records information.<br>